# Review form for project Laser Squad/Brawl Stars

**Name of project to be reviewed: laser-squad-20119-3**

**Names of reviewers: Toni Ojala, Toni Lyttinen, Mikko Suhonen, Simo Hakanummi**

Provide short comments (2-4 sentences) for each item below.

## 1. Overall design and functionality (0-6p)

* 1.1: The implementation corresponds to the selected topic and scope.
The extent of project is large enough to accommodate work for everyone (2p)

- **Xp**


* 1.2: The software structure is appropriate, clear and well
documented. e.g. class structure is justified, inheritance used where
appropriate, information hiding is implemented as appropriate. (2p)

- **Xp**


* 1.3: Use of external libraries is justified and well documented. (2p)

- **Xp**


## 2. Working practices (0-6p)

* 2.1: Git is used appropriately (e.g., commits are logical and
frequent enough, commit logs are descriptive). (2 p)

- **Xp**


* 2.2: Work is distributed and organised well. Everyone contributes to
the project and has a relevant role that matches his/her skills. The
distribution of roles is described well enough. (2p)

- **Xp**


* 2.3: Quality assurance is appropriate. Implementation is tested
comprehensively and those testing principles are well documented. (2p)

- **Xp**


## 3. Implementation aspects (0-8p)

* 3.1: Building the software is easy and well documented. CMake or
such tool is highly recommended. (2p)

- **Xp**


* 3.2: Memory management is robust, well-organised and
coherent. E.g., smart pointers are used where appropriate or RO3/5 is
followed. The memory management practices should be documented. (2p)

- **Xp**


* 3.3: C++ standard library is used where appropriate. For example,
containers are used instead of own solutions where it makes sense. (2
p)

- **Xp**


* 3.4: Implementation works robustly also in exceptional
situations. E.g., functions can survive invalid inputs and exception
handling is used where appropriate. (2p)

- **Xp**


## 4. Project extensiveness (0-10p)

* Project contains features beyond the minimal requirements: Most of
the projects list additional features which can be implemented for
more points. Teams can also suggest their own custom features, though
they have to be in the scope of the project and approved by the course
assistant who is overseeing the project. Project topic descriptions
give a rough guideline about how these points are awarded on different
topics, but note that this will be always case-by-case estimation by
the supervisor, depending on the actual implementation and its
characteristics. (0-10p)

- **Xp**
